# Fortune
*That old fortune program, but in Rust!*

This repository contains a Cargo workspace with a library and three binaries.



## Shared
The library is in the `shared` folder, and its name is `shared_library`. The library contains the code for fetching a 
random fortune or information about the available fortunes from the data files.

### Data Files
The library uses fortunes data files that have the same format as the data files used by the BSD `fortunes-mod` program. 
In fact, for my local installations, I used the fortune files from the `fortunes-mod` source code. The are not 
included in this repository, however.

## Processor
The `processor` folder contains a binary project named `data_file_gen`. This program processes a text file
containing fortunes and generates a `.dat` file with information about the fortunes in it. 
The `.dat` files are the same as would be generated by the BSD `strfile` program.

### CLI
The `cli` folder contains a binary project named `fortune`. This program displays a random fortune on the command line. 
It can also show information about the available fortunes. It is very similar to the BSD `fortune` program, but with 
fewer options. This program expects the fortunes to be stored in a given folder, as follows:

| OS      | Location                                                    |
|---------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| Windows | `C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Roaming\psobolik\fortune\data` |
| Linux   | `~/.local/share/fortune`                                    |
| macOS   | `~/Library/Application Support/home.psobolik.fortune`       |

## Webservice
The `webservice` folder has a binary project named `fortuneapi` that implements fortune as a webservice.
